I'm going to the roadside to get some money.
Look! His dad has lost his job.
you need to make him do your training.
You saw him work and now your old work?
Don't be silly.
because he was woke up and whining.
bring some money.
Words are good words.
Now!
The money is in my plate.
I'm not hungry.
What?
I'm hungry. I ate too much this morning.
I have to eat more.
I'm not hungry anymore.
What? You're not hungry?
I'm not hungry.
If I don't eat, I'll be in trouble.
There are 36 stores in Nagoya.
36 stores in Karkota, where I live.
I met the police in the morning.
I have to go to the police station.
I have to stop.
I'm not hungry.
I'm not hungry anymore.
If you go to the police station, you'll die.
You're strange.
If you don't go, you'll die.
There are 36 stores in Nagoya.
I'm in Karkota.
I'm not hungry.
I don't remember.
I'm going to the police station.
I'll go home and get some food.
I have a lot of food.
You're not a normal person.
Drink slowly.
I want to give you tea, but I can't.
I'm going to the police station.
I'm not going to the police station.
Don't do that.
I'm a normal person.
There is a police station on the left.
It's hard to pass in front of the police station.
Don't say anything bad.
I'm going to the police station on the right.
There is no police station.
I have to go to the police station.
Be careful.
I'm a police officer.
I'm going to the police station.
Why?
They had promoted me to
No добав manga and
tome.
I'll be fine. I'll bring it to the thief.
I'll return it to him.
I'll thank him.
I'll bring it to him.
I don't know what to do.
I can't go to the police station.
I can go to the police station.
I'm fine.
I don't care if I get angry.
Hey!
There!
You can't run away!
Hey!
I'm a thief!
My friend came and
I was going to hit him.
But he ran away.
I'm a thief!
I'm going to hit him.
You're a thief!
Hey!
You're running away.
I'm surprised.
I didn't run away.
Hey!
You're a thief!
You're a fool!
I don't know your name.